# 论文

## INTRODUCTION

> Given the key role of events in our life, the task of annotating and organizing social media content around them is of crucial importance for ensuring real-time and future access to multimedia content about an event of interest. However, the vast amount of noisy and non-informative social media posts, in conjunction with their large scale, makes that task very challenging.



---

## RELATED WORK

>There is a large variety of methods for event detection, which we group into three categories based on their principle:
>**Feature-pivot**: These are based on detecting abnormal patterns in the appearance of features, such as words. Once an event happens, the expected frequency of a feature will be abnormal comparing to its historical behavior, indicating a potential new event.
>**Document-pivot**: This category comprises methods that represent documents as items to be clustered using some similarity measure.
> **Topic modeling**: This includes methods that utilize statistical models to identify events as latent variables in the documents.



> Compared to other event detection and tracking methods, clustering based methods have better performance in general.



> [Nguyen et al.](Nguyen S, Ngo B, Vo C, Cao T (2019) Hot topic detection on twitter data streams with incremental clustering using named entities and central centroids. In: 2019 IEEE-RIVF International Conference on Computing and Communication Technologies (RIVF), IEEE, pp 1{6[)  represented documents as term frequency-inverse document frequency (tf-idf) vectors during the clustering



---

## PROPOSED METHOD

### Problem Formulation

> Our goal is to identify and aggregate the tweets related to real word events.

To simplify the problem, we assume that all data has been filtered. Only tweets related to real word events are retained and one tweet belongs to one event.

For the tweets {T1,T2,...,Tn} sorted by post time, our goal is to aggregate the tweets related to real world events {E1, E2, ..., Em}, which are not defined in advance. 

### Overview of the Proposoed method

Our method consists of two phases. Firstly, we generate matching data and use neural network to model semantic encoder .Secondly, we encode  tweets and events into the same semantic space,then use the single-pass clustering method to aggregate the tweets belong to the same event.